Uploaded July 2026 Workshop Materials and Updated Blog Pages (#134)
usnistgov/OSCAL-Pages: src/content/about/blog/archive.md

  font-weight: 600;
}
.year-navigation a {
  display: inline-block;
  background-color: #007bff;
  color: #ffffff !important;
  padding: 0.5rem 1rem;
  border-radius: 4px;
  text-decoration: none;
  font-size: 1rem;
  transition: transform 0.2s ease, background-color 0.2s ease, box-shadow 0.2s ease;
}
.year-navigation a:hover {
  transform: translateY(-2px);
  background-color: #339fff;
  box-shadow: 0 4px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.3);
}
</style>

### Explore Past OSCAL Blogs Packed With Expert Insights
Discover a comprehensive archive of OSCAL blog posts featuring practical guidance, relevant updates, and in-depth analysis to support effective security compliance. These articles cover a range of topics suited for both newcomers and experienced practitioners in the field.

<br>
<div class="jump-to-section">
  <div class="label">Jump to a year:</div>
  <a href="#2026">2026</a>
  <a href="#2025">2025</a>
  <a href="#2023">2023</a>
  <a href="#2021">2021</a>
</div>

#
---

## 2026
<br>

<!-- April 2026 Workshop Blog Post -->
<div class="usa-card-group">
    <div class="usa-card tablet:grid-col">
        <div class="usa-card__container">
            <div class="blog-metadata">

>                 <h2 class="usa-card__heading" id="a-students-take-on-oscala-innovation-exploring-the-oscala-pocket-guide"><span style="color:#4d80d1">A Student's Take on OSCAL Innovation: Exploring the OSCAL Pocket Guide</span></h2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <h2 class="usa-card__heading" id="a-students-take-on-oscala-innovation-exploring-the-oscala-pocket-guide"><span style="color:#4d80d1">OSCAL Adoption for FedRAMP: Insights Learned and Path Going Forward</span></h2>
```
